URL: https://www.braindeck.net/#/solutions/cloning-tts

Solutions
Voucher
Company
Demo
KO
BACK TO SOLUTIONS
Watch Tutorial
Demo
content
Voice Cloning TTS
LUCY - 5

Clones a natural voice from a small amount of voice samples for use in various content creation

PROBLEM & SOLUTION
What it Solves

A lot of time and money is spent on casting and recording voice actors for audiobook, advertisement, and e-Learning production. This solution maximizes production efficiency by generating high-quality voice from a small amount of voice samples.

KEY FEATURES

Voice cloning with a 5-minute sample

Multilingual support (Korean, English, Chinese, Japanese, etc.)

Emotion and intonation control

Real-time voice generation engine

API-based automated workflow

HOW IT WORKS

The latest Neural TTS technology learns the timbre, intonation, and speaking style of a voice. The few-shot learning technique enables high-quality cloning with only a small amount of samples, and provides a lightweight model capable of real-time inference.

Use Cases
01

Audiobook and podcast production

02

Automatic generation of multilingual marketing content

03

Narration of e-Learning educational content

04

Game character voice production

Security & Data Handling

Voice samples are trained in a customer-dedicated isolated environment, and model weights are stored encrypted. Unauthorized use is prevented by a license management system.

FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions
01
How many voice samples are needed?
02
Can it be used for real-time interactive applications?
03
Can I also control emotional expressions?
Contact Us
Experience this solution firsthand

Test in a real environment for 24 hours after approval and evaluate business suitability

Demo
Watch Tutorial
Braindeck

Providing enterprise solutions that innovate the boundary
between humans and AI with AI technology

© 2026 Braindeck. All rights reserved.

Solutions
Media & Content
Health Care
Industrial AX
Contact
braindeck@braindeck.net
+82-2-2088-7522
2F, 33 Yangjaecheon-ro 11-gil
Seocho-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCookie Policy

Braindeck